I fell asleep late.
Is it weird for me to pick it up for him?
You asked Zhang Wanyi to answer the phone, I said
He's asleep.
Zhou Huajie, you and he have divorced
He's my wife now.
If you were still a man
Don't bother him again
Zhou Huajie, we missed 7 years
This time
I won't let go of your hand again
Sorry.
I still can't let you go
Boss, you're awake
You've been lethargic all day and night.
What's wrong with you?
Smile. What's wrong with me?
Was hit by a drunk driver yesterday
Then he was sent to the hospital and fell asleep
car accident
Sister Hua, did Sister Hua call me?
No. Why?
Looking for him
No no
I'm going to find him.
Wang Wan Wang Wan Wang Wan
Sister Hua
Wan Yi, didn't you ask for leave today?
i
I'm looking for Mr. Zhou
Something to talk about